feat(mnq): update api/cli doc and ref content for ga (#2243)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/messaging/reference-content/sns-overview.mdx

<Message type="note">
  Some SNS features are not yet available with Scaleway Messaging and Queuing. Supported subscribers are currently limited to:
    - HTTP/S clients
    - [Serverless Functions](https://www.scaleway.com/en/serverless-functions/)
    - SQS queues in the same [Project](/console/my-project/concepts/#project)

  Refer to the [developers documentation](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/messaging-and-queuing/) for more information.
</Message>

## Activating SNS

Before you can start using SNS with Scaleway Messaging and Queuing, you must first activate it. You can do this in a few clicks from the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com) by [following our how-to](/serverless/messaging/how-to/get-started/). Alternatively, you can also use the [Scaleway API](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/messaging-and-queuing/).

## SNS Credentials

> Once you've activated SNS, the next step is to [create credentials](/serverless/messaging/how-to/create-credentials) that give your applications permission to connect to the Scaleway Messaging and Queuing service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have activated SNS, the next step is to [create credentials](/serverless/messaging/how-to/create-credentials) that give your applications permission to connect to the Scaleway Messaging and Queuing service.
```
